First rough draft of BYOC docs (#4126)
earthly/earthly: docs/cloud/satellites/byoc/byoc.md

# Bring Your Own Cloud

> "Bring Your Own Cloud" (BYOC) satellites **Experimental** are a hybrid between [self hosted](../self-hosted.md) and [earthly-managed](../../satellites.md) satellites. These satellites are managed by Earthly; just like our managed offering, but within your infrastructure. This blends the ease-of-use of managed satellites with the security benefits that self hosting can bring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Bring Your Own Cloud" (BYOC) satellites **Experimental** are a hybrid between [Self-Hosted](../self-hosted.md) and [Cloud](../../satellites.md) satellites. These satellites are managed by Earthly; just like our managed offering, but within your infrastructure. This blends the ease-of-use of managed satellites with the security benefits that self hosting can bring.
```

We tend to call these "Cloud" satellites in our pricing page and in other [doc pages](https://docs.earthly.dev/docs/remote-runners).

Reviewer: I still think we should be consistent with how we name these products in our docs and pricing page. We haven't referred to Earthly-Managed in the other pages, so it might get confusing. 

I also think the term Earthly-managed could include BYOC because Earthly manages those clouds too.

> Here is how Earthly-managed satellites compare to BYOC: 

Reviewer 2: The text is a bit too small when scanning quickly, and it helps to know what the table represents.

```suggestion
### Earthly BYOC Satellites vs Earthly Cloud Satellites
```

| Similarities                                                                               | Differences                                                           |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ✅ The ability to use `earthly satellite` commands to provision and decommission satellites | ❌ It is up to you to get traffic to and from the satellite            |
| ✅ Earthly-provided monitoring and reliability                                              | ❌ Earthly cannot access the machines for debugging or troubleshooting |
| ✅ Automatic updates                                                                        |                                                                       |
| ✅ Automatic sleep/wake                                                                     |                                                                       |

> Here is how Self-hosted satellites compare to BYOC:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Earthly BYOC Satellites vs Earthly Self-Hosted Satellites
```

| Similarities                                                     | Differences                                                                            |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ✅ The satellite lives in your infrastructure, next to your tools | ❌ You cannot manually provision satellites                                             |
| ✅ You pay for the usage the satellite incurs                     | ❌ You must allow Earthly access to at least some portion of an AWS account you control |

> |                                                                  | ❌ You pay the cloud provider, not Earthly, for the compute usage                       |

Reviewer 2: The most important difference I would add here is that we manage the up-time of satellites, whereas with self-hosted, they manage the up-time.

## Installation

### Step 1: Configure Your Cloud Provider

> Right now, BYOC Satellites are only supported in AWS. See our [AWS CloudFormation](./aws.md) instructions to provision the required AWS resources.

Reviewer 2: Harder to skip if we start with the actual step as the first sentence.

```suggestion
Follow the instructions on the [AWS CloudFormation](./aws.md) page to provision the required AWS resources. Right now, BYOC Satellites are only supported in AWS.
```

To use a satellite created by BYOC, you'll need to configure your networking (usually a VPN) to ensure access. We have guides to enable BYOC on VPNs for the following VPN providers:
* [Tailscale](./tailscale.md)

### Step 4. Test Drive

Now that you have your cloud installation configured in your cloud provider and Earthly, its time to take it for a test drive!

First, make sure you can see the cloud you just installed by running `earthly cloud list`, which lists all the cloud installations within your organization. Your output should look something like this:

```shell
❯ earthly cloud list
   NAME           SATELLITES  STATUS          
   my-new-cloud   0           Green  
*  earthly-cloud  2           Green  
```
The `*` indicates the default cloud that will be used when launching satellites within your organization, unless otherwise specified.

{% hint style='info' %}
Note that the `earthly-cloud` installation is a special cloud present in all organizations. Satellites within this cloud are managed within Earthly's cloud, by Earthly. You can change back to use Earthly-managed satellites at any time by running the `earthly cloud use earthly-cloud` installation.
{% endhint %}

> To test-launch a new satellite within the cloud, run `earthly satellite launch --cloud <name> my-byoc-sat`. This will launch a new satellite using your cloud. Assuming that works, kick the tires by trying to run one of your builds on it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test-launch a new satellite within your new cloud, run `earthly satellite launch --cloud <name> my-byoc-sat`. This will launch a new satellite using your cloud. Assuming that works, kick the tires by trying to run one of your builds on it!
```

If everything looks good, you can run `earthly cloud use <name>` to set this cloud to be the default for your organization. 

{% hint style='warning' %}
This setting is global for all users within the org. This prevents people from launching satellites in the wrong cloud, and accidentially disseminating information that shouldn't be.

> {% endhint %}

Reviewer 2: I would make this explicitly step 6, and again, put the command on its own line so that it stands out.

| ✅ Automatic updates                                                                        |                                                                       |
| ✅ Automatic sleep/wake                                                                     |                                                                       |

### Earthly BYOC Satellites vs Earthly Self-Hosted Satellites

| Similarities                                                     | Differences                                                                            |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ✅ The satellite lives in your infrastructure, next to your tools | ❌ You cannot manually provision satellites                                             |
| ✅ You pay for the usage the satellite incurs                     | ❌ You must allow Earthly access to at least some portion of an AWS account you control |
|                                                                  | ❌ You pay the cloud provider, not Earthly, for the compute usage                       |

> |                                                                  | ❌ You are responsible for the Satellites monitoring and reliability                    |

Reviewer 2: Reading through these tables again, I'm realizing that it's pretty hard to follow along. e.g. the difference "you are responsible for monitoring" isn't clear whether that refers to BYOC or self-hosted.

I think that these tables could be better represented like this:

### BYOC vs Cloud

| | Earthly Cloud | Earthly BYOC |
|-------|-------|-------|
| Who is responsible for monitoring and reliability of the Satellite | ✅ Earthly | ✅ Earthly |
| Satellites are deployed within your internal network | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Earthly Cloud and Earthly staff are prevented from accessing your internal network | ✅ N/A | ✅ Yes |
| How is compute billed | ✅ Zero-margin compute via Earthly | ✅ Supported by you via your cloud provider |
| Automatic updates | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Auto-sleep to drastically reduce compute cost | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Automatic management and GCing of cache volumes | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Users can launch and remove satellites via the `earthly sat` CLI | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Requires access to a set of limited AWS capabilities | ✅ No | ❌ Yes |

### BYOC vs Self-Hosted

| | Earthly Self-Hosted | Earthly BYOC |
|-------|-------|-------|
| Who is responsible for monitoring and reliability of the Satellite | ❌ You | ✅ Earthly |
| Satellites are deployed within your internal network | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Earthly Cloud and Earthly staff are prevented from accessing your internal network | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Compute is billed directly to you from your cloud provider | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Automatic updates | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Auto-sleep to drastically reduce compute cost | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Automatic management and GCing of cache volumes | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Users can launch and remove satellites via the `earthly sat` CLI | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Requires access to a set of limited AWS capabilities | ✅ No | ❌ Yes |

Markdown for this:

```
### BYOC vs Cloud

| | Earthly Cloud | Earthly BYOC |
|-------|-------|-------|
| Who is responsible for monitoring and reliability of the Satellite | ✅ Earthly | ✅ Earthly |
| Satellites are deployed within your internal network | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Earthly Cloud and Earthly staff are prevented from accessing your internal network | ✅ N/A | ✅ Yes |
| How is compute billed | ✅ Zero-margin compute via Earthly | ✅ Supported by you via your cloud provider |
| Automatic updates | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Auto-sleep to drastically reduce compute cost | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Automatic management and GCing of cache volumes | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Users can launch and remove satellites via the `earthly sat` CLI | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Requires access to a set of limited AWS capabilities | ✅ No | ❌ Yes |

### BYOC vs Self-Hosted

| | Earthly Self-Hosted | Earthly BYOC |
|-------|-------|-------|
| Who is responsible for monitoring and reliability of the Satellite | ❌ You | ✅ Earthly |
| Satellites are deployed within your internal network | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Earthly Cloud and Earthly staff are prevented from accessing your internal network | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Compute is billed directly to you from your cloud provider | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |
| Automatic updates | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Auto-sleep to drastically reduce compute cost | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Automatic management and GCing of cache volumes | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Users can launch and remove satellites via the `earthly sat` CLI | ❌ No | ✅ Yes |
| Requires access to a set of limited AWS capabilities | ✅ No | ❌ Yes |
```
